Azure redis-cache module (#475)
prefapp/tfm: modules/azure-redis-cache/README.md

## Resources and datas

| Resource | Type |
|---------|------|
| [azurerm_redis_cache](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/redis_cache) | Resource |
| [azurerm_private_endpoint](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/private_endpoint) | Resource |
| [azurerm_resource_group](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/resource_group.html) | Data |
| [azurerm_subnet](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/subnet) | Data |
| [azurerm_private_dns_zone](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/private_dns_zone) | Data |
| [azurerm_resource](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/resources) | Data |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| `resource_group` | Name of the resource group | `string` | N/A | ✅ |
| `tags_from_rg` | If `true`, uses tags from the resource group | `bool` | `false` | ❌ |

> | `tags` | Input tags if not using the resource group tags | `map(string)` | `{}` | ❌ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `tags` | Tags to set in the resource if `tags_from_rg` is not enable. If both are enabled, the tags to be set are composed by merging those of the resource group with those defined here.| `map(string)` | `{}` | ❌ |
```

| `private_endpoint` | Private endpoint configuration | `object({ name = string, custom_network_interface_name = string, private_service_connection = optional(object({ is_manual_connection = bool })) })` | N/A | ✅ |

### Notes

1. The configuration block `redis_configuration` is only avaliable when `sku_name = "Premium"` and `family = "P"`.

> 2. You can get datas from `name` and `resource_group_name` or with `tags`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. You can get needed resources, like `vnet` by `name` and `resource_group_name` or by `tags`.
```

> 2. When you set `sku_name = "Premium"` and `family = "P"`, you won't be able to create the resource `azurerm_private_endpoint.this`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. When you set `sku_name = "Premium"` and `family = "P"`, you won't be able to create the `azurerm_private_endpoint`.
```

Why? A link to the official Azure documentation where this is explained is needed.

> 3. To create this resources allow arround 25 minutes of down time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Creating an Azure Redis cache resource takes approximately 25 minutes.
```

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="redis_id"></a> [redis_id](#output\redis_id) | The ID of the redis cache |
| <a name="private_endpoint_id"></a> [private_endpoint_id](#output\private_endpoint_id) | The ID of the private endpoint |

## Example Usage

### Basic configuration example.

```yaml
values:
  resource_group: "example-rg"
  vnet:

>     tags:
>       value: "tag1"
>       #name: "example-vnet-name"
>       #resource_group_name: "example-vnet"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    tags:
      value: "tag1"
    # name: "example-vnet-name"
    # resource_group_name: "example-vnet"
```
